In the age of covid many marketing companies had to backdrop their yearly customer reach targets. Many influencers through out various platforms are effected because of the negative sentiment and the blacklash that can be generated in this pandemic situation. the following is one of the project proposals along with an example to make use of piggybacking on a hashtag, which was previously considered to be a negative phenomenon. But do adverse times call for adverse measures?

Making use of hashtag is to conclude the sentimental analysis of the data being fed into the hashtag and also to come to a conclusion of the relevance of the hashtag being made use of. I would like to propose a secondary marketing strategy to a primary hashtag by using social media data mining. I have tried to run a primary analysis of the proposed system through a pharma company named GK pharma which is mentioned below:


“I am a data analyst student based out of Pennsylvania, USA. I belong to the state of Telangana (Hyderabad) primarily. I would like to put forward a notion of marketing strategy for your company with the outreach idea of the company name GK pharma. In the recent times there has been the wedding of one of the Telugu movie actress Kajal Agarwal and the twitter trends and publicity of the hashtags in relation to this can be quite interesting. This is where the proposal comes into play, your company can put forward a hashtag #GK which can be seemed as the first names of the actress husband and herself respectively. If the trend can be fed through some of the popular south Indian meme page twitter handles and also the actress marketing media handles, the same hashtag can also be used to create a marketing base for the company name. When the vaccine for coronavirus do comes out the big pharma companies in India would like to have the company with the highest social media market out-reach be there distribution center due to the notion of the pricing of a product related to the brand name of the company being selected. This #GK trend can set you up for the same outreach needed within the Telugu states. Where the distribution needs for such branded vaccine can get you the good buck and be also as the promotional ground that is required as of now. Hope you would be able to consider such a drastic promotional idea. If be considered I would be happy to send you out a proper play book strategy required for this notion”- the above mentioned idea was proposed to the one G.K.V pharmacy to make use of the hashtag #GK for secondary marketing strategy.


The word homonyms mean one word with varied meanings. I have analyzed the usage of the Hashtag #GK as the secondary marketing strategy for the company G.K.V pharmacy, using the data being mined on twitter with relevance to another hashtag #Kajgautkitched which was the primary hashtag posted and populated by the actress herself, gaining a viewer range of 2.68 million viewers. If in place of the above mentioned hashtag #Kajgautkitched if the actress marketing team was making use of #GK the marketing range created by this to the company can be enormous

